# Reflection by Spencer Huang

This lab required me to write a file called `ManipulateDNA`. The file contains
source code that follows a five step procedure. The first step is to read in a
DNA code from another file using the scanner method and printing that as an
output. Then, we need started to manipulate the string. The first manipulation
was to change the original DNA code to its complement, then print it out as
another output. Afterward, we needed to insert a randomized DNA code letter at
the 0th position of the original DNA code (so, put a random DNA letter in front
of the original DNA code) and print that as another output. Then, we needed to
randomly delete one of the letters from the original DNA code and print that as
another output. Lastly, we needed to randomly select a position in the original
DNA code and change that position's DNA letter to a randomized DNA letter and
then print that out. So, the whole output is suppose to have 9 lines with
spaces in between to separate the introduction and conclusion.

The lab was initially not difficult until I reached step three. It was easy to
understand the first two steps because it was something we have done before. In
step three, I was confused because I didn't know what parameters for that line
of source code. A TA stepped in and clarified it by explaining how I could have
used one of my line as the parameter. After the TA's clarification, I started
to understand the rest of the instructions more. So, I was able to smoothly
pass through the next step. But, on the final step, I got confused again due to
the fact that I thought we were swapping the position of two DNA letters rather
than randomly replacing one. After realizing my mistake, I figured out how to do
it and finished the code.

Overall, the code was not too difficult as long as we paid attention to the
little details and knew what was being asked. Also, the code required materials
from before so we are starting to see how stuff keeps building on each other.
So, this encourages me to stay on top of things and try to learn all the
materials that are presented to me in a timely manner. If I were to slack and
fall behind, then it would take a lot more work to try and catch back up with
the current and new materials.

